Whitney Pennington
Rodgers: Hello everyone,
and welcome back to TEDConnects.
If you're (Audio feedback)
joining us for the --
If you're joining us for the first time,
we've been bringing interviews all week
with some of the world's greatest minds
to help us make sense of this
unprecedented moment that we're living in.
I'm Whitney Pennington Rodgers,
TED's current affairs curator
and one of your hosts.
This week,
thousands of you have tuned in
to these live events each day,
and hundreds of thousands more
have watched these interviews
after the fact.
We've really loved seeing your questions.
They add so much to these conversations.